right here we are with the 2013 lincoln
MKZ adam is not with us today he's
filming his TV show again so we've got
John hostas from costco sport suspension
how are you doing Matt an awesome view
here as usual you know we just talked
about sports cars and racing so we've
just had a chance to drive this took a
moment to get in the mode of hey wait a
second we're not driving a turbocharged
nissan or a porsche something but we're
driving a true luxury car so
turbocharged and it is you're absolutely
right and all-wheel drive 240 horsepower
and and good gas mileage so yeah the new
the new 2013 lincoln MKZ this one has a
few of the upgrades on it like you said
it's all-wheel drive as the 19 inch
wheel upgrade package this one has the
2-liter turbocharged ecoboost engine
it's 240 horsepower 270 pound-feet of
torque and it's not a bad car like it's
a pretty nice everyday kind of luxury
car I mean it's still I know Lincoln's
really trying to make some moves to
establish themselves as as the brand
that I think they kind of once were and
and they're getting their they're
getting a little bit closer I know that
they're going to be putting a lot more
effort into and do a good product this
particular car is based off of the Ford
Fusion the four fusions very good car
it's a very successful car for the ford
brand so this is what we have here in
this particular configuration this car
will get 22 miles a gallon city 31 but
the real up sell for these is they have
a hybrid version as well so if you don't
want the ford fusion hybrid and you want
to upscale it a little bit the MKZ
Hybrid will get 40 miles to the gallon
which is really kind of nice kind of a
classic touch with the with the
push-button transmission buns right you
know we're talking oh there are
back of the day with yeah that's right
there's got to be a what are the
push-button cars back of the day but we
know this is a good engine we've seen
this at a bunch of other cars and them
in the fourth line up well I was
impressed the car had good acton
turbocharged four-cylinder at good
acceleration brakes were good on it
transmissions fun we put it in paddle
shift and we did that a couple of great
runs with that but no very nice
engine and and I was impressed by the
whole powertrain the the transmission is
a six-speed Automatic like you said the
paddle shifters in a sport mode and it
gives it it doesn't downshift it really
when he put his war mode it feels like
it's just tweaking the calibration a
little bit with the ECU probably
throttle mapping a little bit gives it a
little bit of a pep eNOS to it so I
think for for somebody that's in the
market for a car like this you can kind
of feel it it's kind of fun but but it's
certainly not as aggressive as something
a little more sporty you know some of
the other cars out there like a like a
Lexus f-series like what school matt is
that the look of this car it's a big
card it's just four feet people very
comfortably you can certainly do a road
trip in it but it has a small enough
engine where you get good gas mileage
yeah you know there now they're making
enough power and torque on a smaller
motor you can get great gas mileage in a
bigger car so you don't have to have a
you know be a really thirsty engine in
one now one thing that what that Lincoln
has been trying to do which i think is
kind of neat is is they've been trying
to step up on on the handling
characteristics and make it a little bit
sporty-er but how do you do that without
losing what you expect from a Lincoln
that comfortable ride and this is this
is pretty good they're getting a pretty
good balance of being able to get in the
car have it be comfortable and go you
know I can get in this car do a long
road trip but when I do have to cut
through the canyons to get it here you
know it's it's it doesn't lose some of
the excitement you can still do it have
some of these are supportive the wheels
in the right place it all it definitely
makes sense so as a first impression it
was fun to drive let's let's fire it up
I don't know how much there is to hear
the turbo keeps it quiet and you know
look it's a Lincoln it's not going to
have a talking about hearing you know
that the stereo is pretty awesome and
with that sync system works yell and
easy to connect the phone so that's a
good thing and I get to spoil Paul these
cars will be heated and cooled seats
okay what's right engines on it tells me
that it says when the doors open tells
me a lot of things
sound a power
it sounds better than that likewise I
thought the turbo would really kind of
muffle it up but that's that's pretty
much it so this car the lincoln MKZ
starts about 37,000 mm-hmm and this one
with the all-wheel drive upgrade and the
19-inch wheels is right around 45,000 I
kind of feel like this is a lot of car
for 45,000 bucks and look at the
statement I mean look at these big
wheels nice tires michelin tires the
styling is pretty right on so that when
you drive in no one knows you're with a
small 4-cylinder it's getting great gas
mileage or in a Lincoln this is a real
presence to it the the active suspension
makes it pretty comfortable maybe that's
something you guys can go and tweak up a
little bit exactly we can make it a
little more sporty yeah that's it right
you just got to be a way to start doing
that just electronically that's gonna be
the future of all some of the new cars
absolutely right absolutely well
controlled by computer John thanks for
coming out and and being with me in this
video let's throw out your website again
for people to find out what you guys
wrote easy it's just hotchkis net h/o
tchk is net and matt again thank you and
hey fun driving the lincoln and thanks a
lot for coming by cool so until next
time I'm at the Andrea this is John
Hotchkiss keep the air in the spare in
the bag of the wheel